groups: shipregistry.civilian.ZZT<Q6#
senderkey: ^ikki00#:0:224/05
mode: routed
receivedby: Corellian:Corellian:CenterpointNorth
datereceived: 38:07:05
subject: Re: Jerky Story
------
Osk:

You’re on a interesting path if DS and MB are of interest. If you need to talk, I’ll be on Drall soon for professional networking with clients. Given your discretion I won’t say more - you know me and can find me easily enough based on that.

In the meantime, let me offer some advice. That story about MB reveals both a flaw and a strength. MB cares too deeply what others think of him, even those outside of his species. His embarrassment in front of peers and rivals led him to make a significant tactical error in sacking DS. That woman knew his business inside and out. She was the rare, er, “maitre-d” who could deal on behalf of her restauranteur effectively. He stymied his operations and let loose someone with a significant understanding of his dealings.

However, MB isn’t one to put much stock in terms like “enemy” or “rival.” This makes him incredibly hard to outmaneuver. After he was called out giving a gift of jerked bantha rather than jerked dewback, most would have backed down. Not MB. Instead, he turned that shame to his advantage, pointing out just how many people were fooled by the different, cheaper meat and striking a partnership on the spot. That’s how he launched a counterfeit meat operation with someone who was previously out to shame him.  Are they enemies? Allies? Just partners? These terms are meaningless to someone like MB.

“Counterfeit meat operation.” Just think about that for a minute. Our galaxy is a strange little place.

Anyway, I can’t say I know him well - we stopped crossing paths several years ago when he took on a different role in his restaurant group. If you need more info, you might see if DS is willing to talk. Maitre-d’s are famously tight-lipped about previous employers as it has a direct impact on their job security, so I wouldn’t pose that question until you have some trust established. Last I heard she was working in the same role for a restauranteur in Nar Shaddaa at a business called “Blasters in Bulk” in the Q district. A good maitre-d doesn’t stay unemployed for long.

Like I said, look for me on Drall soon if you need more. I’ll be there for a couple of weeks.

Yours,
SH