groups: news.outerrim.arkanis
senderkey: *5kHNN#:0:808/45
mode: promiscuous
receivedby: Corellian:Corellian:CenterpointNorth
datereceived: 37:12:23
subject: [HNN] POLITICAL CRISIS ON ARKANIS!
------
ARKANIS CITY - A political crisis rocked the Arkanis Council recently when a scandal blossomed into a government standoff that required Moff Julstan’s intervention to resolve. In its wake, Councillor Sinoca Silvari has resigned and accepted a lifetime ban from holding elected office within the Empire but will face no criminal charges.

Scandal erupted at Question Time when Councillor Krohst (RM) introduced almost two hours of citizen testimony that implicated Councillor Silvari (VNA) in a scheme to blackmail him. While it remains unclear how Mr. Krohst obtained testimony from drug dealers and known criminals, Silvari’s colleagues within the VNA took it seriously enough to suspend Question Time. Ultimately it required an emergency intercession by the Office of the Moff to broker peace in the council chambers by offering Ms. Silvari clemency to return the VNP to the council and close the legal loopholes that created the political crisis.

Mr. Krohst and Moff Julstan have so far been unavailable for comment, although the Office of the Moff released a statement emphasizing their desire to “work with the government of Arkanis to restore not just the peace but the rule of law.”

Ms. Silvari was more forthcoming in a late-evening press conference that ran into the morning. “They say the best revenge is living well and doing good. Well, I’ll be the judge of that. There are many ways I can work for the people. Few require an elected office, especially if you want to act with a free hand.” According to one unnamed source, Ms. Silvari is already making good on her statement. A week earlier she was rumored to be on the shortlist for Councillor of the Small; now her services are already being solicited as a private political consultant.

This is hardly the first time in the spotlight for Councillor Silvari…

{--  STORY CONTINUES IN HNN/ARKANIS PREMIUM. FREE TRIAL AVAILABLE!  --}